= Gandirb - Ruby library for using the Gandi XML-RPC API

This is a ruby library for using the Gandi XML-RPC API.
It currently only provides methods for using the domain and mail API, but is extensible enough to add hosting in the future.

== Howto

See http://wiki.gandi.net/fr/api-xml/docs/domain for the full documentation on the API.
Note the session_id doesn't have to be explicitly provided when calling a method.

It should also be noted that the ruby xml-rpc lib seems to have a bug with the ssl support, resulting in a timeout of about 15 seconds.
After this time the current connection won't work and result in various exception. 
This lib takes this issue into account and provides a workaround by restarting the connection. See the comments for Gandi::Base#raw_call for more details.

Quick example :

        require 'gandi'
        gandi_session = Gandi::Domain.login 'XXYYY-Gandi', 'mypasswd', Gandi::Domain::TEST_URL #or use Gandi::Domain::URL in production mode
        gandi_session.account_currency # => "EUR"
        gandi_session.domain_available ["mycoolwebsite.com"] # => {"mycoolwebsite.com"=>true}
        gandi_session.domain_available "mycoolwebsite.com" # => true #additional syntax
        gandi_session.domain_list # => ["mypersonalwebsite.com"]

Detailed RDoc documentation for each method is available using rake rdoc.

== TODO

* More tests
* Finish adding and cleaning up domain and mail methods
* Better handling of failures and server exceptions, and stricter params checking
* Refactor Domain and Base class and add a Session class to separate XML-RPC code and prepare adding hosting methods

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Pickabee. Released under the MIT licence, see LICENSE for details.
Some parts inspired by http://github.com/jerome/gandi/tree
